Let's add context data component and actually that will also be a container not only because it's loaded
to our routing but because it will manage its own state especially once we covered forums in react.
So let me edit as a subfolder to check out in the containers folder all at the contact data folder there
with the contact data.
Faults and my contact data component and they're all create this as a class contact data and therefore
of course extend this component element this component object.
So in order to react and component like this from react.
Now let's see how we show it.
Creators are what should go inside of this contact data component.
First of all though all export contact data class now in there we can fetch which ever contact data
we want and I'll set up states to manage all these inputs and I will not really work on the form.
I will not finish it in this module because we'll have a whole module about forms and validating forms
after discourse Marchal.
Still I want to fetch let's say the user name here.
Maybe I want to fetch an email and maybe I want to fetch an address which also is an object where I
have like the street maybe and a postal code.
So something like that.
This could be the data I want to fetch year and we can always continue working on that.
I also need my render method of course.
And as I said I went to have a four in there.
So in the render method will return some GSX and in there I need a device which basically is.
Well the wrapper for my contact data container.
And in this day if I want to have the form which I use now also at age 14 where I say entry your contact
data like this and below that a form using the HMO form element where I then can add to 4 in the way
I want to add add.
Now as I said A won't spend too much time on the form here.
I will do this in the modules thereafter.
So for now all really just create a quick form year with a couple of inputs input of type text for my
name essentially.
So where I will set name equal to names so that we can see for what it should be there.
I'll add a placeholder or say your name and that should be self-closing and then I'll add one for the
email type email and then we got this address part.
So I need one for the street and one WIPs Street written like that and one for the postal code.
So here I was to code maybe here let's write your mail and your name with a capital N just like debt
and then of course also add a button and I'll use my own button component for this.
So quickly import buttons from.
And now let's go to the components folder there to the UI folder into the button folder and the button
Jr's fall in there.
And let's then use that but in the year below all our inputs.
You're like a component of course of say order here because that is the final button after which we
do place to order button type therefore we should be success here.
And of course we'll later also add a click listener to it.
Now once you gift is contact form here some styling so add a contact data that C-s as follows.
And of course you could also create a subcomponent which handles the style if you want it to do that.
So here I'll add context data maybe add a margin top and bottom and centered with auto then add with
80 percent and align all the text into the central let's say.
And let's also add a media query to limit the width on pick the Wise's just as we did it for the check
out summary to.
So your contact data will then have a width of 500 pixels at most.
With that we get the contact data component.
Now I'm going to load it through routing and I will do this in a check out container chippy a nested
route below the summaries so it should not place to check out summary though we could of course do that.
Instead I want to load it below their all to show that this is of course something you use in reality
two nested routes.
So import route from re-act router down inside my check out container and then I use route here below
my check out summary to load something for a path which should now depend on the path we're currently
on plus slash contact data.
So justis props.
And then we can use match u r l or also for Boulding payoffs and routes you might use puffier plus slash
contact data.
And this should also be part of the dynamic part here this string.
So now we're loading this route in this case.
Of course we need to define what component to render.
So for it all import my contact data container from dot slash contact data entered the contact data
J.S. fall.
So let's grab Quantic data and let's set it up as a component down there on this route component.
So there are pastie component Propp and pass contact data just like that.
With that let's save all the files.
And now if the click continue here.
Here is the contact data.
Now it looks pretty ugly to be honest because I forgot to use my contact data as.
I of course need to import Klaas's from dot slash contact data C-s s and then assign this year on the
wrapping div with class name and then classes contact data.
Let's quickly do that and thereafter.
This is how it looks now.
If we load this page by reloading it as we just did automatically.
You see the query parents are gone and therefore the burger is empty.
Now if I go there differently by building a burger and continuing and then if I click and continues
the burger is still there because even though the parents are lost it doesn't overwrite the old state
because we did set state and it doesn't really render this component as you've learned so therefore
component that Mount where we built the Burga where we set the state depending on the query perms isn't
running again.
Just because we loaded a new component so that is why the burger's still looks like this.
So if we go there by clicking through the various steps we will have a nicely stalled burger.
Now again the form is not super nice.
The reason for this is that I won't finish it in this module will work on this later.
The one thing I want to do though is I want to make sure that all the inputs you're Do you at least
have their own line each so that they have a line wrap there.
And that the button also has its own line and to achieve this all simply add a styling for the input
element so I'll add a new input class maybe where else say display should be Block and this will automatically
add a line wrap because it's now a block element so I'll add class name classes input to all these inputs
and with that looks a bit nicer.
Well now of course sitting on the left here.
But again will work on that.
So this is our order form.
Does our summary here above that we can still improve the styling of the contact data form a little
bit by going to contact data.
Adding a box shell of maybe 0 2 pixels free pixels at this light gray and a border of even lighter gray
like this and adding some padding inside of it.
That's Then all the set box sizing to border POCs.
So this is just some styling on the contact data component with that looks a bit nicer I believe.
So with that we're able to load the contact data component.
The next step is to make sure that when we click the order button we actually do send these request
to our server.
Now let's build this together in the next lecture because getting the ingredients into the contact data
component now is kind of tricky as you will see.